shopkeeper
All the guests' gifts have been checked one by one
No sign, ma'am.
It seems that Shen Tian
I want to give Wanting to me in person
Come like this in the future
After waiting for so long, I finally waited for this day
I hope it was worth it.
What Dragon City tycoon Shen Tian is also here
Today's scene is really not small
Isn't this the waste that relies on Ye Wating to eat soft rice?
I don't have the guts to save him
But have the courage to come to the Dragon Palace Return Banquet?
He's just a wall grass
Whoever has the power to run with whom
I saw the owner of Longdian visit Jiangzhou in person
How could you not come out and lick it?
Those of you who like it
Can they fit together?
It's really not uncommon at all
Shenyang, I understand you
Except for being stubborn
Pulling all over
Shen Tian, how dare you come today?
You are not afraid
I'll beat you up now and I can't get up
This is the return banquet of the owner of the dragon shop
I'll tell you what.
I met the owner later
I'm going to tell him about your crimes
You should die.
We'll see won't we.
But you really like to pick up bargains.
The woman with her own legs is still regarded as thin
Hey, what nonsense are you talking about?
Our home is like
But he voluntarily married Mr. Shen as his wife
This is also the blessing of our Ye family
Then Young Master Qin said so
You are green.
You don't care about me and Wanru
It's all you and your Ye Wanting
I'm about to give the owner of the dragon shop everything